

























Open Accessibility menuPress the enter key to adjust the page for a screen reader
Country / Area Israel (עברית)  Israel (English)  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Cyprus  Czech-Rep  France  Germany  Greece  Hong kong  Hungary  India  Ireland  Italy  Japan  Morocco  Netherlands  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Russia  South Africa  Spain  Switzerland  Thailand  UK  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  USA  Other Countries ExploreOffers New! Bid2Fly Arena  Sundor flights About Israel Tel Aviv  Jerusalem  Eilat  Dead Sea  What to do in Israel? BookMy Booking Manage my booking  Our travel classes  Upgrading your ticket class  Ticket cancelation law  EL AL App  Print your boarding Pass Travel services Hotels  Sports and music events Book Now With Peace of Mind Options to change or cancel your flight  Seat availability on flights  Travel Guidelines FlyBefore you fly Flying with pets  Travelling with children  Passengers with special needs  Pregnant Women  Baggage  batteries and dangerous substances  Check-in At the Airport  The King David Lounge  Ben Gurion Airport  EL AL Service Lounges During your flight New Chef Menu  Entertainment  Onboard WiFi  Travel classes  Inflight Duty Free - Pre-order Frequent Flyer ClubMy Account My Account  Future Flights  Add Missing Flight  My EXTRAS Benefits  Lounge Entries  Points Purchase  Personal Details  Change Password  My Rewards Deals CASH&POINTS Deal for Top Platinum  EXTRAS Benefits  Delta Codeshare promotion  50% Discount on points  Birthday Benefit April Earning Points Earning Points With Flights  Airline Partners  Earn Points with Delta Air Lines  hotels  Car Rental  Converting Points  Earn points in various chain stores Redeeming Points Award Fares  All the Ways to Upgrade  CASH&POINTS  Airline Partners  Redeem Points With Delta Air Lines  FLY STORE  Duty-Free Fly&Buy  Donating Points  Credit Cards About Matmid Program Frequent Flyer New Program  Introducing The Frequent Flyer  Benefits By Status  Diamonds for Status  FLY CARD Benefits  Join the club  Executive Member Circle  Lounge entry eligibility  New Partnership With Delta Air Lines  Login  Login HomeGet Ready to Fly
Ticket Terms and Additional ServicesTicket Terms and Additional ServicesFirst and foremostEL AL offers three types of economy-class tickets to most destinations (excluding North America). When ordering tickets to these destinations, you can choose your preferred components out of the flight package, and pay for them only. Detailed information is available in the charts below.
For flights to North America and in premium classes, the ticket cancellation and change policy will be in accordance with the ticket terms, as specified at the time of purchase.Ticket Change and CancellationService TypeLiteClassicFlexFlight ticket changes For additional costFor additional costIncluded in the ticket priceFlight ticket cancellationTicket terms do not allow cancellationFor additional costBooking classes Y and M:Included in the ticket price
All other booking classes:For additional costAdditional Services
Flight check-in – included in the ticket price For online check-in (between 24 hours and up to 3 hours before takeoff).
The seating, luggage and service policies of a flight may vary when the scheduled aircraft has changed and\or on flights operated by other airlines.
In-flight food and beverages – on EL AL flights, food and beverages are included in the ticket price. Some flights include meals and some include light refreshments. For information about meals on EL AL flights, click hereSun d’Or flights – some flights include light refreshments, and food and beverages may also be purchased on-board. For information about food and beverages on Sun d’Or flights click here
Bags and suitcases – the number of bags and suitcases and their weight depends on the type of ticket purchased. For full information, click here
Seat – the option to choose a seat depends on the type of ticket purchased. For full information, click here
Additional Terms and Conditions
The option to cancel/change a flight ticket after takeoff, and the payment required for such cancellation/change (if possible), vary and are determined according to ticket type.
The passenger name assigned to the ticket cannot be changed. In case of a round-trip ticket comprised of various ticket types (for example, outbound Lite and return Classic), the change and cancellation terms that are the strictest of the various tickets will apply to all flight tickets.
Flight cancellation may be performed within 14 days of purchase, by a travel agent or EL AL representative only, depending on where you purchased your ticket and subject to the Consumer Protection Law.
Flight ticket changes must be performed where you purchased your ticket. Flight ticket changes made using the service center entail an additional handling fee of $50 per passenger and $15 per baby. If you wish to change your flight ticket, you may have to pay the difference between the original ticket price and the new ticket price, for which you will be charged in addition to the change fee and handling fee.
In some cases, you may be able to change your flight ticket online, without contacting a service representative. For full information, click here
In case you miss your first flight segment, you may use your next flight segments only after your ticket price is recalculated, and the payment and additional costs are settled where you purchased your ticket originally.
The ticket terms for flights to Morocco are similar to those for flights to European destinations.
Payment for services that are available at the check-in counters is possible by credit card only.
It is hereby clarified that the full terms of the relevant ticket will be subject to the final terms, as specified at the time of purchase.
The services specified above are subject to the General conditions for passenger and baggage carriage except if explicitly stated otherwise.
EL AL reserves the right to change the rates from time to time. The effective rate is the rate on the date of payment for the service.
So what is your next destination? Book a Flight About About  Our Company  2022 ESG Report  Our History  Sundor - EL AL Group  EL AL Cargo  EL AL Tech  Codeshare agreement with Delta Air Lines Useful Info Useful Info  Contact US  Ticket terms  Terminals around the world  Our Fleet  EL AL World Offices  Unsubscribe  Search Flight Cancellation Flight Cancellation  Information about cancelling a flight  Ticket Cancellation According to the Israel Consumer Protection Law  I am interested in receiving advertising information from the EL AL Group Email AddressOK
Download EL AL's app and stay updated
 Legal terms and information
 Our Privacy Policy
 Accessibility Declaration
 Contact us
 Aviation Services Law
 Frequent Flyer Regulations
All rights reserved to Elal Airways Israel Ltd.




Accessibility








