

Was your baggage lost or damaged?























Open Accessibility menuPress the enter key to adjust the page for a screen reader
Country / Area Israel (עברית)  Israel (English)  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Cyprus  Czech-Rep  France  Germany  Greece  Hong kong  Hungary  India  Ireland  Italy  Japan  Morocco  Netherlands  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Russia  South Africa  Spain  Switzerland  Thailand  UK  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  USA  Other Countries ExploreOffers New! Bid2Fly Arena  Sundor flights About Israel Tel Aviv  Jerusalem  Eilat  Dead Sea  What to do in Israel? BookMy Booking Manage my booking  Our travel classes  Upgrading your ticket class  Ticket cancelation law  EL AL App  Print your boarding Pass Travel services Hotels  Sports and music events Book Now With Peace of Mind Options to change or cancel your flight  Seat availability on flights  Travel Guidelines FlyBefore you fly Flying with pets  Travelling with children  Passengers with special needs  Pregnant Women  Baggage  batteries and dangerous substances  Check-in At the Airport  The King David Lounge  Ben Gurion Airport  EL AL Service Lounges During your flight New Chef Menu  Entertainment  Onboard WiFi  Travel classes  Inflight Duty Free - Pre-order Frequent Flyer ClubMy Account My Account  Future Flights  Add Missing Flight  My EXTRAS Benefits  Lounge Entries  Points Purchase  Personal Details  Change Password  My Rewards Deals CASH&POINTS Deal for Top Platinum  EXTRAS Benefits  Delta Codeshare promotion  50% Discount on points  Birthday Benefit April Earning Points Earning Points With Flights  Airline Partners  Earn Points with Delta Air Lines  hotels  Car Rental  Converting Points  Earn points in various chain stores Redeeming Points Award Fares  All the Ways to Upgrade  CASH&POINTS  Airline Partners  Redeem Points With Delta Air Lines  FLY STORE  Duty-Free Fly&Buy  Donating Points  Credit Cards About Matmid Program Frequent Flyer New Program  Introducing The Frequent Flyer  Benefits By Status  Diamonds for Status  FLY CARD Benefits  Join the club  Executive Member Circle  Lounge entry eligibility  New Partnership With Delta Air Lines  Login  Login HomeEverything you need to know about your baggageWas your baggage delayed or damaged?Was your baggage delayed or damaged?Sometimes, for unexpected reasons, there are cases in which baggage is delayed, damaged, or lost. We apologize in advance for any inconvenience and will do our best to find a quick solution to your satisfaction.Baggage Service Center handles cases of:

Delayed baggage
Damaged baggage
An item forgotten on board
Status of a claims that were sent to the Baggage Claims Department
Ways to contact about baggage issues after a flight 

Phone: 03-9771150 Sunday to Thursday: 08:30-17:00Friday: 08:30-13:00Saturday Night: 20:00-24:00
WhatsApp chat 03-9771111:Sunday to Thursday: 16:00-24:00 Friday: 13:00-16:00Saturday Night: 20:00-24:00
Regarding delayed baggage, once your baggage is retrieved, it will be transferred to the courier service and delivered to the address stated on the report.A customs declaration is required before the baggage leaves our custody. If you have not filled out a declaration form at the airport or if you were asked to fill in a customs form click here. After filling out and signing the form, please send it to loforms@elal.co.il
Is your baggage delayed or lost?
Delayed bags must be reported immediately after landing to an EL AL representative in the airport baggage claim area. They will issue you a report on the delayed bag, according to company policy.
If you didn’t report about the delayed bag at the airport, you can contact the baggage service center within 7 days from the date of your flight. See contact details above.                                                   
The status of the claim can be checked in a worldwide system (in English). Enter the lost baggage report number (10 characters) in the first box, the last name in the second box, and click the "Submit" button. Checking the status of a claim
Was your baggage damaged? 

If you noticed any damage to your baggage, you must report the damage immediately to an EL AL representative at the airport in the baggage claim area. A damage report will be issued, in accordance with company policy.
After receiving the damage report, you may go to one of the stores listed below, within 60 days for further handling. Please bring with you the damage report, the baggage that was damaged with the baggage tag. Please do not remove the baggage tag from the handle.
In the event you only noticed the damage after you have left the airport, or if any of the items inside the baggage were damaged (i.e. items that did not receive a separate baggage tag), you must report this to the Baggage Claims Department within 7 days in writing via the Digital Contact Form
You may as send claim to our mailing address: EL AL Israel Airlines Ltd., Baggage Claims, P.O. Box 41, Ben Gurion Airport, Zip Code 7015001.
List of participating storesChooseDamage to wheelchairs, equipment for passengers who require assistance, or baby strollersGalgal YazivDamage to powered mobility scooters , electric power wheelchairs and more Adom street 23 – Industrial park Kannot – close to Gedera
Orthopedica SteinerHasar Shapira 4Rishon Le ZionTel: 03-9517674
 
Baby equipment:
Hagalgal – The Israeli Center for Baby and children equipment and goods.Tel: 054-5947464Pick up and delivery from all areas.
Bugaboo baby carriages and strollersMaskit 14, Herzliya 03-5407999Important to know
In the event your baggage was damaged or you are missing items from your suitcase, you must contact us within 7 days from the day you received your baggage.
In the event of a delay in receiving your baggage outside your country of residence, you must contact us within 21 days from the day you received your baggage.
In the event of lost baggage, you must contact us after 21 days from the day of the incident.

When contacting us, please attach a copy of the following documents to your claim and hold onto the originals:

Flight tickets
Boarding passes
Baggage tags (the stickers affixed to the flight ticket and/or the object)
Lost or damaged baggage report from the airport
Receipts that support the claim 

 
Please note that the claim will be handled in accordance with the terms of the contract of carriage and in accordance with international conventions and laws, which determine the carrier's liability. EL AL Israel Airlines reserves the right to refuse to accept liability if the claim concerns, either wholly or in part, fragile or perishable items, food, liquids, cash, jewelry, cameras, computers, video devices, electronics, negotiable instruments or securities, legacies, antiques, valuable items, works of art, gold and silver items, rare books or publications, business documents, precious metals or other valuables.You You may also be interested in knowingWhat type of carry-on baggage can you take on board with you?More InformationLiquids in Carry-On BagsMore InformationChecking an additional piece of baggageMore InformationAbout About  Our Company  2022 ESG Report  Our History  Sundor - EL AL Group  EL AL Cargo  EL AL Tech  Codeshare agreement with Delta Air Lines Useful Info Useful Info  Contact US  Ticket terms  Terminals around the world  Our Fleet  EL AL World Offices  Unsubscribe  Search Flight Cancellation Flight Cancellation  Information about cancelling a flight  Ticket Cancellation According to the Israel Consumer Protection Law  I am interested in receiving advertising information from the EL AL Group Email AddressOK
Download EL AL's app and stay updated
 Legal terms and information
 Our Privacy Policy
 Accessibility Declaration
 Contact us
 Aviation Services Law
 Frequent Flyer Regulations
All rights reserved to Elal Airways Israel Ltd.




Accessibility








