

Updates following recent events | EL AL























Open Accessibility menuPress the enter key to adjust the page for a screen reader
Country / Area Israel (עברית)  Israel (English)  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Cyprus  Czech-Rep  France  Germany  Greece  Hong kong  Hungary  India  Ireland  Italy  Japan  Morocco  Netherlands  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Russia  South Africa  Spain  Switzerland  Thailand  UK  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  USA  Other Countries ExploreOffers New! Bid2Fly Arena  Sundor flights About Israel Tel Aviv  Jerusalem  Eilat  Dead Sea  What to do in Israel? BookMy Booking Manage my booking  Our travel classes  Upgrading your ticket class  Ticket cancelation law  EL AL App  Print your boarding Pass Travel services Hotels  Sports and music events Book Now With Peace of Mind Options to change or cancel your flight  Seat availability on flights  Travel Guidelines FlyBefore you fly Flying with pets  Travelling with children  Passengers with special needs  Pregnant Women  Baggage  batteries and dangerous substances  Check-in At the Airport  The King David Lounge  Ben Gurion Airport  EL AL Service Lounges During your flight New Chef Menu  Entertainment  Onboard WiFi  Travel classes  Inflight Duty Free - Pre-order Frequent Flyer ClubMy Account My Account  Future Flights  Add Missing Flight  My EXTRAS Benefits  Lounge Entries  Points Purchase  Personal Details  Change Password  My Rewards Deals CASH&POINTS Deal for Top Platinum  EXTRAS Benefits  Delta Codeshare promotion  50% Discount on points  Birthday Benefit April Earning Points Earning Points With Flights  Airline Partners  Earn Points with Delta Air Lines  hotels  Car Rental  Converting Points  Earn points in various chain stores Redeeming Points Award Fares  All the Ways to Upgrade  CASH&POINTS  Airline Partners  Redeem Points With Delta Air Lines  FLY STORE  Duty-Free Fly&Buy  Donating Points  Credit Cards About Matmid Program Frequent Flyer New Program  Introducing The Frequent Flyer  Benefits By Status  Diamonds for Status  FLY CARD Benefits  Join the club  Executive Member Circle  Lounge entry eligibility  New Partnership With Delta Air Lines  Login  Login HomeOur CompanyUpdates following recent eventsUpdates following recent eventsLast update: Apr 14 2024, 5:31 p.m. (Israel time)
With the activity resumption at Ben Gurion Airport, We are making necessary adjustments to our flight schedule. All cancellations and changes in flights are detailed in the updated flight schedule. An updated flight schedule is available for download as a PDF >>
Please ensure you are updated with the latest departure times before leaving for the airport.
Check the seat availability on our flights >>
Please note that we are in contact with the authorities and we are operating according to the guidelines provided by them.
We are diligently working to maintain our flight operations, adapting our schedule as necessary to comply with current restrictions and adjustments, ensuring our commitment to service continuity amidst these challenging circumstances. Ongoing updates will be available on this page and social media channels.
In light of the current security situation, we have implemented a flexible policy for changes and cancellations to accommodate our customers’ needs. Please find the details of this policy outlined below.
Passengers whose flight is scheduled to depart from April 13 until April 20, 2024 (inclusive) are entitled to the following conditions:

Flight changing (advance or delay) will be allowed without change fees and without price differences, provided that the new departure date is until April 20, 2024 (inclusive), in the same cabin and area*.
Flight cancellations will result in receiving a full-value voucher for future use on EL AL flights.

Self-issuance of a full-value credit voucher >>

Rescheduling your flight to an earlier or later date is subject to operational feasibility in accordance with prevailing conditions.
In the event of changing to a less expensive flight no credit or compensation will be provided.
This policy is applicable exclusively to EL AL and Sun D’Or issued tickets, as well as Codeshare flights operated by EL AL.

*Area divisions: Up to 3 hour flight, over 3 and up to 6 hour flight, above 6 hour flight.About About  Our Company  2022 ESG Report  Our History  Sundor - EL AL Group  EL AL Cargo  EL AL Tech  Codeshare agreement with Delta Air Lines Useful Info Useful Info  Contact US  Ticket terms  Terminals around the world  Our Fleet  EL AL World Offices  Unsubscribe  Search Flight Cancellation Flight Cancellation  Information about cancelling a flight  Ticket Cancellation According to the Israel Consumer Protection Law  I am interested in receiving advertising information from the EL AL Group Email AddressOK
Download EL AL's app and stay updated
 Legal terms and information
 Our Privacy Policy
 Accessibility Declaration
 Contact us
 Aviation Services Law
 Frequent Flyer Regulations
All rights reserved to Elal Airways Israel Ltd.




Accessibility








We and our partners use cookies and other tracking tools such as session replay technology to collect and process data about your use of our website, and your IP address, to enhance your site experience, and assist in our marketing efforts, including targeted messages.  For more details on cookies and tracking tools we use, and options for changing settings, see ourCookie Policy  I understandPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
            More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesPerformance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Social Media Cookies  Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.Strictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Necessary cookies enable basic functions such as page navigation, filling in forms and access to secure areas of the website. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but the website cannot function properly without these cookies.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, and store information on user’s preferences. They may be set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set by us or through our website by our advertising and marketing partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonCookie List Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelDecline All Confirm My Choices