

Fly with peace of mind | EL AL

























Open Accessibility menuPress the enter key to adjust the page for a screen reader
Country / Area Israel (עברית)  Israel (English)  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Cyprus  Czech-Rep  France  Germany  Greece  Hong kong  Hungary  India  Ireland  Italy  Japan  Morocco  Netherlands  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Russia  South Africa  Spain  Switzerland  Thailand  UK  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  USA  Other Countries ExploreOffers New! Bid2Fly Arena  Sundor flights About Israel Tel Aviv  Jerusalem  Eilat  Dead Sea  What to do in Israel? BookMy Booking Manage my booking  Our travel classes  Upgrading your ticket class  Ticket cancelation law  EL AL App  Print your boarding Pass Travel services Hotels  Sports and music events Book Now With Peace of Mind Options to change or cancel your flight  Seat availability on flights  Travel Guidelines FlyBefore you fly Flying with pets  Travelling with children  Passengers with special needs  Pregnant Women  Baggage  batteries and dangerous substances  Check-in At the Airport  The King David Lounge  Ben Gurion Airport  EL AL Service Lounges During your flight New Chef Menu  Entertainment  Onboard WiFi  Travel classes  Inflight Duty Free - Pre-order Frequent Flyer ClubMy Account My Account  Future Flights  Add Missing Flight  My EXTRAS Benefits  Lounge Entries  Points Purchase  Personal Details  Change Password  My Rewards Deals CASH&POINTS Deal for Top Platinum  EXTRAS Benefits  Delta Codeshare promotion  50% Discount on points  Birthday Benefit April Earning Points Earning Points With Flights  Airline Partners  Earn Points with Delta Air Lines  hotels  Car Rental  Converting Points  Earn points in various chain stores Redeeming Points Award Fares  All the Ways to Upgrade  CASH&POINTS  Airline Partners  Redeem Points With Delta Air Lines  FLY STORE  Duty-Free Fly&Buy  Donating Points  Credit Cards About Matmid Program Frequent Flyer New Program  Introducing The Frequent Flyer  Benefits By Status  Diamonds for Status  FLY CARD Benefits  Join the club  Executive Member Circle  Lounge entry eligibility  New Partnership With Delta Air Lines  Login  Login HomeGet Ready to Fly
Fly with peace of mindFly with peace of mindHere you can find important information prior to booking and before your upcoming flightFlight Modification or cancelation optionsTravel documents and guidelinesFlight ticket modification or freezing - Destinations in the AmericasJust in case you have purchased a flight ticket to a flight to/from a destination in the Americas you can no longer take, or if you suddenly wish to change your destination with no change fees or handling fees for changing the date or even destination of your flight! Subject to the following terms and conditions:

Passengers purchasing a flight ticket to/from destinations in the Americas only, until May 31st, 2024, are allowed to change or freeze their ticket for flights departing by May 31st, 2025 or one year from the day of ticketing, whichever comes first, with no change fees or handling fees.
Passengers who have purchased flight tickets to destinations outside of the Americas will be able to make changes to their tickets in accordance with the ticket terms and conditions.
In cases where there is a pricing gap due to the ticket modification or freezing, the passenger will be charged for the pricing difference.
Modifications to the flight ticket are possible up to 6 hours before the flight's scheduled time of departure.

In many instances, flight ticket modifications can be complete directly on the EL AL website 24/7 with no need to wait for the customer service call center. For more information.
Flight ticket modifications and other requests can be complete through the customer service call centerCanceling a flight ticket Passengers that have purchased a flight ticket by December 31st, 2022 can cancel the flight ticket and receive a voucher instead.
Have you purchased a flight ticket to a flight you can no longer board? Aren't completely sure about the destination or when to fly? No problem! You can cancel your flight ticket and receive a voucher for the full amount you have paid and save the cancelation fees.Subject to the following terms and conditions:

The expiry date that is mentioned on the back of the voucher hasn't passed.
The voucher can be used on flights that depart before November 30th, 2025.
Terms of the Cancellation fee: no cancelation fee for receiving the flight voucher.
Modifications to the flight ticket are possible up to 6 hours before the flight's scheduled time of departure
Does not apply to Points&Cash flight tickets that were purchased on sale, to lite flight tickets and bonus tickets
Flight tickets that have been purchased after January 1st, 2023 cannot be substituted for flight vouchers, in cases where the passenger chose to cancel their flight ticket.

The full terms and conditions >>
Transaction Cancelation
Transactions can be canceled up to 14 days (no less than 7 work days prior to the flight's scheduled departure) from the time it was initially made, in compliance with the Israeli consumer protection act. For more information >>
In all other cases, flight ticket cancelation and transaction refunds will be done in compliance with the terms and conditions of the transport act and as the law requires.Flights canceled by EL ALCustomers holding flight tickets for flights canceled by EL AL can choose a credit voucher or a refund, Subject to the rules and regulations. Customers who purchased a round-trip flight ticket and used the outbound flight can only cancel their inbound flight through the service center and cannot apply for a credit voucher.
If your flight was canceled by EL AL and you are not interested in an alternative flight, You can receive a credit voucher or a full refund for the full value of the card purchased. If the ticket was purchased also using points, they will be transferred back into the frequent flyer account. Click here for refunds or vouchers Voucher terms and conditionsTerms and conditions

The voucher can be used flexibly, up to the full amount of the ticket that was purchased in EL AL, on any destination and any flight up to the voucher's full amount.
The voucher can be transferred to other customers and will be valid for flight tickets and other services offered by EL AL up to the date of expiry which is on the voucher
The voucher holds as means of payment while purchasing on the EL AL website, through the call center or travel agents.
Purchases can be made using a combination of vouchers, credit card and points. It is possible to use up to two vouchers per order and only if all means of payments are less than three (each voucher is considered a separate mean of payment).
The voucher may not be valid for certain sales and specials.
Exchanging the voucher for a refund: The credit voucher cannot be exchanged or returned for a cash refund. If the customer has not redeemed the credit voucher, in whole or in part, bythe expiration date of the credit voucher, the amount of the credit voucherremaining cannot be converted into a cash refund, except in cases where theconversion is explicitly allowed.
 


Ways for voucher usage:

Using the voucher for online purchases on the EL AL website, through the call center or travel agents.
At the booking process on the website there are designated fields to fill in the voucher information (voucher number, name of customer as appears on the voucher and expiry date). The voucher number has 15 digits. If you have received an e-mail with a 6-digit number, you can find the full number on the "My Vouchers" page.
Through the call center and travel agents it is mandatory to mention the voucher number.
If the new purchase is higher than the full amount of the voucher, the difference can be paid with a credit card or Frequent Flyer Club points or both.
Q&AI purchased tickets from a travel agent, am I able to request a refund via the website?
We offer two options for a refund in lieu of the ticket. Selecting a credit voucher can be done on EL AL website. For a cash refund,  a request should be sent on EL AL website, but the refund can only be accepted via the travel agent. In the United States, your refund will be credited back to your original form of payment.
 
I purchased the ticket from an online travel agent who is located outside of Israel (ie. Expedia etc.) How can I receive the credit?
We offer two options for a refund in lieu of the ticket. Selecting a credit voucher can be done on EL AL website. For a cash refund, a request should be sent on EL AL website, but the refund can only be accepted via the travel agent. In the United States, your refund will be credited back to your original form of payment.
 
I have a credit voucher, can I convert it to a cash refund?
If you did not redeem the voucher and were entitled to choose between a credit voucher and a refund as specified in the rules and regulations, you can request to convert the voucher into the original transaction value for a refund starting 21 days before the voucher expires.
 
Which products can I purchase with the credit voucher?
The voucher can be redeemed for booking for scheduled EL AL flights, as well as for purchasing the following accompanying products for the flight ticket - upgrading, paying for checked baggage and advance seat selection. To redeem the voucher for products that are not supported on the EL AL website, please contact the EL AL Customer Service Center.
 
Until when is the voucher valid?
Until the end of the validity that appears on the voucher, for tickets issued for departures 11 months from the end of the validity of the voucher.
 
How can I find the voucher validity information?
You can find the details of the voucher and its validity at the following link >>
 
Am I able to use the voucher during the Jewish holiday periods (Jewish New Year/Succot/Passover) or summer?
You are able to use it throughout the year, for scheduled flights of EL AL, subject to the availability of seats, and accompanying flight products, all subject to the full rules and regulations.
 
How is the "value of ticket" amount calculated?
The amount includes the fare of the ticket plus any additional taxes, including airport taxes.
In addition to the ticket price is any additional service, if such was purchased for this ticket, like baggage or seating options. The value of the ticket does not include additional charges like commissions or service fees if you paid for them to the agent through whom you booked the ticket, at the time of purchase.
In case the ticket or flight products were paid for in part or in whole with Matmid points, the value of the voucher will be calculated according to the cash value of the ticket, which was presented to the customer at the time of purchase.
 
How is the amount calculated for the credit voucher?
If you purchased the ticket in US dollars, euros, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, pounds sterling, South African rand - the calculation of the value of the voucher will be done in the currency in which you purchased the ticket. If you purchased a ticket in other currency, we will convert it to USD and will present the value of the voucher in this currency. The currency conversion ratio is the conversion ratio on the day the flight ticket is issued. The value of the ticket for the purpose of the calculation is made in accordance with the price of the ticket presented at the time of purchase.
 
Can I transfer the credit voucher to someone else?
Yes, the credit voucher is not personalized and can be used by anyone as to their choice.
Can I receive the number of points of the reservation which includes more than one person to one Matmid account?
You can receive the points to one Matmid frequent flyer account, you need to indicate the relevant account number during the process of selecting the credit.
 
How soon will I receive the credit/refund?
After you have finalized your selection from one of the options on the website, the credit will be available in the following way:
• A credit voucher - The voucher will be sent to the email indicated within several days.
• A cash refund - If you purchased the ticket directly from EL AL (through our website or service center) the money will be refunded to the credit card account or the bank after we finish handling the request, If you purchased the ticket from an agent (via an agency or an external website) the money will be transferred to the agent. The company started gradually to handle refunds for canceled flight tickets. We are doing our best to process the refund requests. Finalizing your request is done according to the law.
 About About  Our Company  2022 ESG Report  Our History  Sundor - EL AL Group  EL AL Cargo  EL AL Tech  Codeshare agreement with Delta Air Lines Useful Info Useful Info  Contact US  Ticket terms  Terminals around the world  Our Fleet  EL AL World Offices  Unsubscribe  Search Flight Cancellation Flight Cancellation  Information about cancelling a flight  Ticket Cancellation According to the Israel Consumer Protection Law  I am interested in receiving advertising information from the EL AL Group Email AddressOK
Download EL AL's app and stay updated
 Legal terms and information
 Our Privacy Policy
 Accessibility Declaration
 Contact us
 Aviation Services Law
 Frequent Flyer Regulations
All rights reserved to Elal Airways Israel Ltd.




Accessibility








