

Cookie Notices and Cookie Consent | Cookiepedia




































All About Cookies

What are Cookies?
Types of Cookies
Online Tracking Technologies
The Benefits of Cookies
Cookies and Online Privacy

How to Manage Cookies

Google Chrome
Firefox
Firefox (iOS)
Firefox (Android)
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Opera
New Cookie Controls for Chrome


IAB Legal Text



EU Cookie Directive

EU Cookie Directive
Cookie Laws Across Europe
Cookie Law in the UK
Cookie Law Compliance Guidance
Cookies Consent
How To Complain About Cookies



The Cookiepedia Database

About Cookiepedia
Using Cookiepedia
How We Classify Cookies
Cookies and Privacy Policy



Free Website Scan












website
cookie
3rd party host









Cookie Notices and Cookie Consent Explained

Cookies are integral to the way modern websites work. Most personalisation and social media integration on websites relies on cookies in one way or another.
However they can be used in a way that doesn’t benefit visitors, and they are often used to track people across the web, and build up profiles that are very valuable to brands and advertisers for targeted marketing.
This is often seen as an invasion of privacy, and because cookies are a fairly quiet technology – this can be happening to you without you realising it, or being able to stop it if you wanted to.
To help you become more aware of this activity, and give you a say in whether you want to allow it to happen, new EU-wide privacy legislation was put in place in 2011. This has become known as the Cookie Law.
The Cookie Law requires that websites give you clear, detailed information about how they use cookies, and provide ways for you to signal whether or not you want to allow such use. The website is then required by law to respect your wishes.  This might mean they block the cookies you don’t like, or they don’t let you access the site – however you should expect to be given the choice.
Some websites will allow you to choose which types of cookies to allow or block, although in some cases if you do this you may not be able to use or see all of a website.
If a website you visit is not giving you sufficient information or choice, and the company that owns it is based in the EU, then it may be breaking the law, and you can take action against the owner.
This website has been created to help people understand better what cookies are and how they are used by different websites. You can use it to look up your favourite websites, and soon you will be able to search for information about specific cookies to understand what they are used for.



EU Cookie Directive

The EU Cookie Laws
Cookie Laws Across Europe
Cookie Law in the UK
Cookie Law Compliance Guidance
Cookie Consent
How to Complain About Cookies













                            Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR
                        



                                    Cookie Banner
                                

                                    Cookie Notice
                                

                                    Website Scanner
                                



                                    Cookie Preferences
                                

                                    Records of Consent
                                

                                    Do not Track
                                


Sign Up for Free


                            Get started for free. Upgrade anytime.
                        












© 2020 Cookiepedia. All Rights Reserved.



Cookie Notice |
                    Privacy Notice |
                    Terms of Use |
                    Contact Us







By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Customize Settings Disable All Allow AllPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.Allow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request.Cookies Details‎Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.

Cookies Details‎Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO).Cookies Details‎Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites.Cookies Details‎Back ButtonBack  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest  Switch Label label  Switch Label label  Switch Label labelView CookiesNamecookie name Confirm My Choices 