





















































EL AL on the App Store

AppleStoreMaciPadiPhoneWatchAirPodsTV & HomeEntertainmentAccessoriesSupport


0+ 























App Store Preview


 














Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
















          EL AL
 4+




            EL AL Israel Airlines Ltd.
          


              Designed for iPhone
          









4.1 • 649 Ratings









Free
 


 



        
  View in Mac App Store





 





iPhone Screenshots



































Description



Stay connected with EL AL APP!

Book a flight, manage your booking, check-in easily & get flight notifications.

• Frequent flyer members stay connected with biometric identification
• Keep all travel documents on your mobile device (booking details, boarding pass, baggage tags & more).
• Stay updated with important information for your upcoming trip.
• Plan your ride to the airport.


        more
      







What’s New

Version History





Jan 24, 2024
Version 8.2





Embark on a seamless journey with the EL AL app, now featuring the innovative 'Flight Feed' – your personal travel assistant:

• Countdown to Takeoff - Watch as your flight time approaches, with dynamic updates.
• Seat Selection at a Glance - Choose your comfort zone effortlessly.
• Check-In and Boarding Pass - Easy access, with timely notifications.
• Be prepared with an updated weather forecast and a currency calculator.
• Document Management - Keep your travel documents organized and accessible.


        more
      







          Ratings and Reviews
        

     See All
   




4.1 out of 5
649 Ratings


































649 Ratings
















    RaquelBlech

, 
07/24/2019


    One of my favorite apps!



Love this app since it is user friendly and easy to find what you are looking for, offers extra helpful features like a check list to help you prepare for your trip as well as packing and checking your passport expiration date. And much more like the weather at your destination, places to visit and much more ! The only thing it’s missing is the option to add the boarding pass to the “Wallet” for iPhone users. This would be VERY helpful !


        more
      



    Developer Response

, 



We're always working hard to improve the app. Thanks for your download and feedback.


        more
      















    Edo lavi

, 
10/26/2018


    So utterly worthless that it must be intentional



I like to search for a flight on the app and then use the blank white screen that I get as a low intensity flashlight. Otherwise the app has zero function. I’m embarrassed to admit that I’ve actually tried to check my flight status and even book my flights on the app many times. I do this out of habit because it’s so convenient on the united app which works perfectly. Unfortunately, I’m sorry to report that I have never once succeeded in getting a single morsel of information or usefulness from the el al app. It simply does not work at all. Even the simplest tasks just don’t work. It’s literally useless. It would be more convenient to not have an app at all so that I don’t bother wasting my time.
El al represent the country that invented the computer processor and the USB and every other high tech gadget but they can’t manage to make a basic app that every other airline has.
I like to think that they have some intentional security reason for purposely not offering a functional app because if they literally got a random Israeli off the street to make a proper functional app they could get it done tomorrow .


        more
      























      App Privacy
    

See Details



    The developer, EL AL Israel Airlines Ltd., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.
  





Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:






Contact Info







Identifiers








Data Not Linked to You
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:






Location







Usage Data







Diagnostics





Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More



Information


Seller

              EL AL Israel Airlines Ltd.
          


Size
107.4 MB


Category


                Travel
              



Compatibility



                  iPhone
                
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
                



                  iPod touch
                
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
                



                  Mac
                
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
                



                  Apple Vision
                
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
                



 
Languages


English, Hebrew




Age Rating

             4+
 

 
Copyright
© (2011) EL AL Israel Airlines Ltd.


Price
Free








            Developer Website
          



            App Support
          



            Privacy Policy
          

 






          Developer Website
        



          App Support
        

 

          Privacy Policy
        





Supports






    Wallet



Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place.










          More By This Developer
        




 










 





EL AL Cargo



    Business

 







          You Might Also Like
        

     See All
   



 










 





הופאון רב-פס



    Navigation

 



 










 





Gett - Ground Transportation



    Travel

 



 










 





Hopon Rav-Kav טעינת רב-קו



    Travel

 



 










 





Birthright Israel



    Travel

 









		More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.


Choose your country or region


Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
		


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Sales and Refunds


Legal


Site Map





