





















































הופאון רב-פס on the App Store

AppleStoreMaciPadiPhoneWatchAirPodsTV & HomeEntertainmentAccessoriesSupport


0+ 























App Store Preview


 














This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone.
















          הופאון רב-פס
 4+


            תשלום מהנייד באוטובוסים ורכבות
          


            HopOn Mobility LTD
          











4.4 • 352 Ratings









Free
 


 



 





iPhone Screenshots



























































Description



Rav-Pass: Taking public transit rides has never been easier. Plan your trip with real time schedule updates and pay directly from your mobile

Use the price calculator in the app and find the best payment option for your ride:

Pay directly from your phone - no cash and "smart" cards required, just take your phone to your next ride and scan the QR code on board.
With Rav-Pass you can pay in any bus, train & light rail in Israel and enjoy daily and monthly discounts without upfront payments.

Rav-Kav turns out cheaper? Top-up your Rav-Kav with your iPhone. Tap the Rav-Kav card near the camera area on your device (back or front), select the contract you want, pay using all major credit and debit cards. Tap again to complete the topup and you're ready for your next journey!

You can choose between Credit value which is acceptable by all public transit operators in Israel, or a Daily, Weekly and Monthly passes according to the area of your travel.

Rav-Pass is an official public transportation payment app licensed by the Ministry of transportation in Israel.
Rav Kav top up is available on iPhone 7 and above with iOS13+

We'd love to hear your feedback support@ravpass.co.il

Safe journeys,
HopOn Rav-Pass Team


        more
      







What’s New

Version History





Mar 31, 2024
Version 1.89





We've added additional discount profiles for Youngsters (ages 18 to 26), Suburban residents, Discharged soldiers, Disabled & National insurance eligible passengers.
Get the new discounts by tapping the 3 stripes menu -> Discount profile, according to your usage, choose Rav-Pass or Rav-Kav and submit an eligibility request.
If you're using Rav-Kav - after profile approval, scan your card to load the profile to the card.


        more
      







          Ratings and Reviews
        

     See All
   




4.4 out of 5
352 Ratings


































352 Ratings
















    Bivalacqua

, 
03/30/2022


    Extremely helpful



As a student, learning Hebrew, this app has been extremely helpful in navigating my way around. A must have for anyone traveling around Israel. Most rides cost around 3 shekels, when the bus pass cost 15.


        more
      















    Planner-to-be

, 
12/13/2022


    Won’t add credit card



Other reviewers have mentioned this - it would not add my credit card (US credit card, and when I try to add it’s just an endless loading wheel of death) so I am in Israel on vacation and can’t get anywhere because the nearest Rav Kav station is too far away and they only accept payment via Rav Kav card or this stupid app that doesn’t work!!!

Nightmare. They have the ability to accept contactless credit card payments ON THE BUS why can’t you just do that!? That’s how it is in other countries and far superior. I should not be stuck without public transportation right now.


        more
      























      App Privacy
    

See Details



    The developer, HopOn Mobility LTD, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.
  





Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:






Purchases







Other Data








Data Not Linked to You
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:






Usage Data







Diagnostics





Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More



Information


Seller

              HopOn Mobility LTD
          


Size
129.3 MB


Category


                Navigation
              



Compatibility



                  iPhone
                
Requires iOS 13.4 or later.
                



                  iPod touch
                
Requires iOS 13.4 or later.
                



                  Apple Vision
                
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
                



 
Languages


English, Arabic, Hebrew, Russian, Ukrainian




Age Rating

             4+
 


Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease battery life.


Copyright
© 2022 HopOn Mobility LTD


Price
Free








            Developer Website
          



            App Support
          



            Privacy Policy
          

 






          Developer Website
        



          App Support
        

 

          Privacy Policy
        





Supports






    Wallet



Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place.










          More By This Developer
        




 










 





אוטובוס קרוב - Bus Nearby



    Navigation

 



 










 





Hopon Rav-Kav טעינת רב-קו



    Travel

 



 










 





HopOn-DPMHK



    Utilities

 



 










 





HopOn Driver



    Navigation

 







          You Might Also Like
        

     See All
   



 










 





EL AL



    Travel

 



 










 





GoTo (CAR2GO) Shared Mobility



    Travel

 



 










 





Birthright Israel



    Travel

 



 










 





עמוד ענן



    Navigation

 









		More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.


Choose your country or region


Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
		


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Sales and Refunds


Legal


Site Map





